Hi, I'm Marisol Gómez, Style Advisor
of image and you're watching the segment of
mari short listens where today's response to
the questions about personal image that
receipt daily by the
followers of my portal creating your
style and the link question to marisa
and says well hello marisol I'm marisa I have
a work trip this is for motive
of a convention in which my
company and includes conferences and two
business cocktails I would like me
give advice on what I should take
marisa for work trips
we should always look impeccable in this
video I share some tips so that
choose functional garments that make you
See very professional during the
convention I recommend that you take
basic clothes that you can combine
easily and use several times so that
do not have to carry too much luggage
if you want to know what the garments are
basic I invite you to see
of basic clothes in this link
and pants and skirts in neutral tones
as black brown gray or navy blue
so you can combine them with
any blouse shirt and blazer that
wear long-sleeved shirts in step
or three quarters of classic cut next to
a few more fun designs and
recommendations that you wear a shirt
white one blue and one black because they are
easy to combine small or bring a
more intense color or in a pastel tone a
blazer should not be missing in your suitcase
preferably in gray black tone or
navy blue to match with the
pants and fouls for cocktails
My recommendation is that I am a dress
black structured cut and other blue
dark or gray and that you do it with
striking accessories in terms of handbags
and wallets the best thing is that you pack one
large in black tone or one beige for
that you use during the day but type about
or clutch for you to use during
cocktails the shoes will be extremely
important in this trip remember that
you will be working so focus all
that are closed with medium heels and in
neutral colors coffee black or beige
They are the easiest colors to combine
for the cocktails choose ones that
combine with both dresses but not
Make too much weight in your luggage
now we go to the accessories for the
day choose ones that are not too
striking can be two pairs of
small earrings a simple necklace and a
classic watch for cocktails yes
you can use some more eye-catching as
some earrings or a ring or necklace
larger bracelet reminds the
prominence to only one piece at last
keep in mind to fix your hair
It will also be important so pay
articles so that your hair always
is well combed like an iron
traveler to fix it quickly and a
anti frizz product manexa I hope that
these tips will help you choose
correctly the clothes that you will take to
your work trip as always
I invite you to participate with your
comments below responding to the
Ask what garments or garments
considered indispensable to carry
on a business trip you know me
Interested to know your opinion as you can
be of help to many other women
I also invite you to get
totally free my guide to create a
successful wardrobe to subscribe without cost
some to the bulletin of creating your style
In addition to doing so you will also receive
weekly my tips and tips on
personal image style fashion beauty and
well-being you liked this video you
I appreciate you giving him
I like it and you subscribe to my channel
of youtube so that you find out each time
publish a new one and remember the
Creation and the successful personal image
It starts from the recognition of your
own beauty we see you suddenly here
in creating your style you want to transform
your personal image and learn to
strict figure as an expert
for more information visit www learn
to wear puntocom